=About

This gem provides sexy validations/ validators functionality for models. 
It was heavily inspired by the new validators in rails 3. Basically
it's a replacement for "inlcude ActiveModel::Validations", because those
are strangely complex and don't work together properly with sequel for
example.

==Install

Simply install it as any other gem:

  gem install sexy_validations

Or when using bundler, add it got your Gemfile:

  gem sexy_validations

==Quick Start

In your model:

  class User
    include SexyValidations

    validates :name, :presence => true, :length => 2..20
    validates :description, :length => 0..2000

    def valid?
      validate!
      errors.empty?
    end
  end

You can also pass a symbol, which will be used a a method name:

  class User
    validates :special

    def special_validation
      if 5 > 9
        errors.add(:boah, "ruby seems to be buggy....")
      end
    end
  end

And even a block is accepted

  class User
    validates do
      if 5 > 9
        errors.add(:boah, "ruby seems to be buggy....")
      end
    end
  end

==Additional sequel specific validators

Please have a look at my sequel_sexy_validations gem (depends on this one). 
This gem contains extra validators like Uniqueness.

==Todo

* Use I18n for messages
* Source documentation (rdoc)
* Tests

==Contributing

If you'd like to contribute a feature or bugfix: Thanks! To make sure your
fix/feature has a high chance of being included, please read the following
guidelines:

1. Fork the project.
2. Make your feature addition or bug fix.
3. Add tests for it. This is important so we don’t break anything in a future version unintentionally.
4. Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
5. Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.


